COOKIES:
the cookies are sent a part of the request between client and server? 

there is no cookies sent in the first communication, but in the subsequent ones, it is sent.
i don't remember why.

we try to echo the cookie statement to echo the cookie name, and send it as part of the 
request. which gets sent to the javascript?

try to maintain as much as possible between the implemetation of the client-side and 
server-side.

just like localstorage you did, just like that you will have the ability to access
the cookie in the javascript file.

when you're using php and using the cookies. the only required parameter is the
name of the cookie.

time() gives you the current time. when yuo call the setcookie(), the time parameter
indicates how long we want the cookie to stay. we can also apply to just a sub-domain 
but gotta make sure to specif the "/" or the "main", etc.

deleting the cookie means you're setting the expiry date to be in the past.

HTACCESS:

.htaccess is the file where you configure the kinds of rules. custom rules for
processing

you can configure "that" in .htaccess 
RewriteRule begins with api (i.e. request begins with the word "api/....." <- regex.)

this line:  RewriteRule ^get/([0-9]+)$ get.php?id=$1 [L]
- the [L] part is indicating that it's the last rule, and we're ending it there, no
matter if we add more rules, it wouldn't take affect

WEB SESSIONS:

just a quick note, HTTP is stateless
with session, it's saying that i want to remember the session that we have talked about.
for example, if we login to brighspace, the brightspace file will stores the user id, get 
whatever it needs to get. then it sends as part of a cookie on your computer????? but it 
basically saves everything for you.

SESSIONS IN PHP: 

in any of the files you want to be linked with the session, you would put session start at
the beginning of the file.

sessions use cookies, but sessions have more functionalities than cookies.

remmember to do the session_start()

you are using cookies to try to find the information somehow, so we're not necessarily to use 
cookies somehow. we're just getting the cookies to access stuffs on the server-side